2024年中非合作论坛峰会将于9月4日至6日在北京举行。非洲各界人士表示，中非合作已取得丰硕成果，即将召开的中非合作论坛峰会将成为深化中非合作的重要契机，期待双方不断拓展合作新领域，共谋发展新篇章。


The upcoming 2024 Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation is expected to bear fruitful results to further deepen Sino-African relations, according to observers in Africa.
非洲观察人士称，即将召开的2024年中非合作论坛峰会有望取得丰硕成果，进一步深化中非关系。

Alan Khan, senior director of corporate affairs at Durban University of Technology in Durban, South Africa, said the summit, to be held from Sept 4 to 6 in Beijing, is expected to strengthen the strategic partnership between Africa and China.
南非德班理工大学企业事务高级主任艾伦·汗表示，此次峰会将于9月4日至6日在北京举行，预计将巩固非洲和中国之间的战略伙伴关系。

"FOCAC has been highly beneficial in nurturing China-Africa relations," Alan Khan, senior director of corporate affairs at Durban University of Technology in Durban, said. "There have been significant investments in roads, railways and ports that have improved trade and mobility for many African nations. There have been joint efforts in combating diseases like Ebola and COVID-19, including improving healthcare infrastructure and capacities for some countries in Africa. In terms of people-to-people exchange, important exchange mechanisms and platforms have been established under FOCAC."
艾伦·汗表示，“中非合作论坛对中非关系大有裨益。在中非合作论坛框架下，中国对非洲的公路、铁路和港口建设方面进行了大规模投资，促进了众多非洲国家的贸易和商品流动性。中非在抗击埃博拉和新冠肺炎等疾病方面积极开展合作，改善了非洲国家的医疗基础设施和医疗救治水平。在人文交流方面，中非合作论坛搭建起中非之间重要的交流机制和平台。”

Dianah Ngui Muchai, a research manager at Kenyan-based NGO African Economic Research Consortium, said China has become a significant partner for many African countries, with a focus on sectors such as infrastructure development, natural resources, and manufacturing, which contribute to the development of many African countries.
肯尼亚非政府组织非洲经济研究会研究经理黛安娜·恩吉·穆查表示，中国是许多非洲国家的重要合作伙伴，在基础设施建设、自然资源和制造业等领域积极开展双边合作，为非洲国家的发展做出贡献。

Looking forward, Muchai said more bilateral cooperation is expected under FOCAC that caters to the pressing needs of African countries, such as renewable energy, as Africa seeks to meet its rising energy demands and move toward sustainable energy sources.
展望未来，穆查表示，随着非洲寻求满足日益增长的能源需求并向可持续能源迈进，中非合作论坛有望推动更多双边合作，满足非洲国家在清洁能源等领域的迫切需求。

Cavince Adhere, a Nairobi-based international relations scholar, observed that a fruitful Sino-African cooperation will form the foundation for fostering economic modernization, creating jobs and spreading prosperity evenly.
肯尼亚内罗毕国际关系学者卡文斯·阿德希尔认为，富有成果的中非合作将为促进经济现代化、创造就业机会和共同繁荣奠定基础。

Adhere called for enhanced cooperation in digital inclusion, green transition, technology transfer, health, agriculture and security to achieve mutual benefits.
阿德希尔呼吁中非加强在数字融合、绿色转型、技术转让、卫生、农业和安全领域的合作，以实现互利共赢。
国家统计局发布的最新数据显示，7月份经济运行总体平稳、稳中有进。其中，暑期消费对社会消费品零售总额等多个经济指标起到带动作用。


Tourists enjoy a performance at an ancient-themed park in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, Aug 6, 2024. [Photo/Xinhua]
China's economic growth showed a stable growth trend in July, the surge in consumption during the summer holiday is driving positive momentum in economic indicators, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, the Securities Times reported on Friday.
据《证券时报》8月16日报道，国家统计局发布的数据显示，7月份我国经济运行总体平稳、稳中有进。其中，暑期消费对多个经济指标起到带动作用。

Recovery of the consumption continued as the index of services production, and the total retail sales of consumer goods registered 4.8 percent and 2.7 percent growth year-on-year in July, respectively. On a monthly basis, the growth rate outpaced June by 0.1 percentage point and 0.7 percentage point, respectively, according to the report.
报道称，7月份消费延续恢复态势，全国服务业生产指数和社会消费品零售总额分别同比增长4.8%和2.7%，增速比上月加快0.1个百分点和0.7个百分点。

With an increase number of tourists traveling during summer break, sectors such as transportation, warehousing and postal production grew faster than that of the service industry as a whole.
暑期旅游出行人数增多，带动相关的交通运输、仓储和邮政业生产指数增长快于全部服务业增速。

Consequently, the travel consulting rental services grow relatively faster than usual, said Liu Aihua, an NBS spokeswoman, at a news conference in Beijing on Thursday.
国家统计局新闻发言人刘爱华8月15日在北京召开的新闻发布会上介绍，受其影响，旅游咨询租赁服务类消费增长也较快。

The foundation for the recovery of the consumer market will be further solidified, with the implementation of a combination of policies in order to increase people's income and consumption demands, Liu added.
刘爱华表示，随着增加居民收入、增强消费能力和意愿各项政策的贯彻落实，消费市场恢复的基础将进一步得到巩固。

Investment is another important driving force of domestic demand. China's fixed-asset investment in the manufacturing industry rose 9.3 percent year-on-year during the Jan-July period, faster than that of investment in infrastructure and real estate development.
刘爱华称，投资是国内需求的另一重要组成部分。1～7月份，全国固定资产投资中的制造业投资同比增长9.3%，明显快于同期基础设施投资和房地产开发投资增速。

Seventy-five percent of Americans say they are not completely financially secure, and 30 percent never expect to be, according to Bankrate’s Financial Freedom Survey.
美国银率网（Bankrate）的财务自由调查显示，75%的美国人表示他们的财务安全感不足，30% 的人从未有过财务安全感。

More than 1 in 3 workers (34 percent) are living paycheck to paycheck, according to Bankrate’s new Living Paycheck to Paycheck Survey. That means that about a third of American workers say they don’t have enough money left over after covering their expenses to save for future expenses.
根据银率网最新发布的月光族生活调查，超过三分之一的美国上班族（34%）是月光族。这意味着这些人在支付了生活开支后，没有余钱留给未来的开支。

Nearly 6 in 10 Americans (59 percent) are uncomfortable with their level of emergency savings. That’s up from 2023, according to Bankrate’s 2024 Annual Emergency Savings Report.
近六成美国人（59%）对自己的应急储蓄水平感到不满意。根据银率网的2024年度应急储蓄报告，这一数字比2023年有所上升。

“Simply put, living comfortably costs a lot more than it used to,” says Sarah Foster, Bankrate U.S. economy reporter. “Prices are up almost 21 percent since the pandemic first began in February 2020, requiring an extra $210 per every $1,000 someone used to spend on the items they both want and need. For the many Americans whose pay haven’t kept up with inflation, higher prices essentially translate to an outright destruction of wages. Inflation is the silent thief, and it comes with a price — often Americans’ chances of living a comfortable life.”
银率网美国经济记者莎拉·福斯特表示：“简单来说，美国人过好日子的成本上涨了。自2020 年2月疫情暴发以来，物价上涨了近21%，人们过去每花1000美元购买到的物品，现在需要多花210美元。对于许多工资涨幅跟不上通货膨胀速度的美国人来说，物价上涨实际上意味着工资的大幅缩水。通货膨胀是一个无声的窃贼，它偷走了美国人的好日子。”

Meanwhile, 50 percent of American cardholders carry card balances from month to month, according to Bankrate’s Credit Card Debt Survey. Bankrate data shows that 58 percent of cardholders earning under $50,000 carry a balance from month to month, compared to 43 percent of those earning $100,000 or more. As inflation persists and interest rates remain high, carrying a credit card balance may only further the likelihood of living paycheck to paycheck.
与此同时，根据银率网的一项信用卡债务调查，50%的美国持卡人每月都有欠款。年收入低于50000美元的持卡人中有58%每月都有欠款，而年收入100000美元或以上的持卡人中这一比例为43%。由于通货膨胀持续存在且利率居高不下，信用卡债务只会增加“月光”的可能性。

“Those living paycheck to paycheck often turn to credit cards to make up for a cash shortfall or to pay for emergencies or purchases that don’t fit within their budgets,” says Amy Maliga, former financial educator with Take Charge America, a nonprofit financial counseling agency. “This can lead them to being overextended, carrying balances month to month and paying high interest rates without a clear path to pay off the debt.”
非营利金融咨询机构Take Charge America的前金融教育家艾米·马丽佳表示，“那些靠薪水勉强度日的人经常求助于信用卡来弥补现金短缺，紧急情况支出，或超出预算的支出。这可能导致他们负债累累，每月都欠着卡债，支付高额利息，却没有明确的还债途径。”

8月1日，国家发展改革委副秘书长袁达在国新办“推动高质量发展”系列主题新闻发布会上谈到，积极扩大内需，把促消费放在更加突出的位置，促进汽车、家电等大宗商品消费，推动教育、养老、育幼、家政等服务消费提质扩容。

China will actively expand domestic demand and put consumption promotion at a more prominent position in the next step, Yuan Da, a senior official with the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) told a press conference Thursday.
国家发展改革委副秘书长袁达在1日的新闻发布会上表示，下一步中国将积极扩大内需，把促消费放在更加突出的位置。


The NDRC will launch efforts to boost consumption of major commodities such as automobiles and home appliances, and to improve and expand the quality and capacity of service consumption in education, elderly care, child care, and domestic services, Yuan said.
袁达表示，将促进汽车、家电等大宗商品消费，推动教育、养老、育幼、家政等服务消费提质扩容。


Support will be given to the high-quality development of cultural and sports tourism, Yuan said, adding that continuous optimization of convenience measures for personnel exchanges will be made to make travel in China more convenient and comfortable for foreign visitors.
袁达表示，将支持文体旅游高质量发展，不断优化人员往来便利措施，让外国朋友在中国旅行更方便、更舒适。
