The upcoming 2024 Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation is expected to bear fruitful results to further deepen Sino-African relations, according to observers in Africa.
非洲观察人士称，即将召开的2024年中非合作论坛峰会有望取得丰硕成果，进一步深化中非关系。

Alan Khan, senior director of corporate affairs at Durban University of Technology in Durban, South Africa, said the summit, to be held from Sept 4 to 6 in Beijing, is expected to strengthen the strategic partnership between Africa and China.
南非德班理工大学企业事务高级主任艾伦·汗表示，此次峰会将于9月4日至6日在北京举行，预计将巩固非洲和中国之间的战略伙伴关系。

"FOCAC has been highly beneficial in nurturing China-Africa relations," Alan Khan, senior director of corporate affairs at Durban University of Technology in Durban, said. "There have been significant investments in roads, railways and ports that have improved trade and mobility for many African nations. There have been joint efforts in combating diseases like Ebola and COVID-19, including improving healthcare infrastructure and capacities for some countries in Africa. In terms of people-to-people exchange, important exchange mechanisms and platforms have been established under FOCAC."
艾伦·汗表示，“中非合作论坛对中非关系大有裨益。在中非合作论坛框架下，中国对非洲的公路、铁路和港口建设方面进行了大规模投资，促进了众多非洲国家的贸易和商品流动性。中非在抗击埃博拉和新冠肺炎等疾病方面积极开展合作，改善了非洲国家的医疗基础设施和医疗救治水平。在人文交流方面，中非合作论坛搭建起中非之间重要的交流机制和平台。”

Dianah Ngui Muchai, a research manager at Kenyan-based NGO African Economic Research Consortium, said China has become a significant partner for many African countries, with a focus on sectors such as infrastructure development, natural resources, and manufacturing, which contribute to the development of many African countries.
肯尼亚非政府组织非洲经济研究会研究经理黛安娜·恩吉·穆查表示，中国是许多非洲国家的重要合作伙伴，在基础设施建设、自然资源和制造业等领域积极开展双边合作，为非洲国家的发展做出贡献。

Looking forward, Muchai said more bilateral cooperation is expected under FOCAC that caters to the pressing needs of African countries, such as renewable energy, as Africa seeks to meet its rising energy demands and move toward sustainable energy sources.
展望未来，穆查表示，随着非洲寻求满足日益增长的能源需求并向可持续能源迈进，中非合作论坛有望推动更多双边合作，满足非洲国家在清洁能源等领域的迫切需求。

Cavince Adhere, a Nairobi-based international relations scholar, observed that a fruitful Sino-African cooperation will form the foundation for fostering economic modernization, creating jobs and spreading prosperity evenly.
肯尼亚内罗毕国际关系学者卡文斯·阿德希尔认为，富有成果的中非合作将为促进经济现代化、创造就业机会和共同繁荣奠定基础。

Adhere called for enhanced cooperation in digital inclusion, green transition, technology transfer, health, agriculture and security to achieve mutual benefits.
阿德希尔呼吁中非加强在数字融合、绿色转型、技术转让、卫生、农业和安全领域的合作，以实现互利共赢。


China's economic growth showed a stable growth trend in July, the surge in consumption during the summer holiday is driving positive momentum in economic indicators, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, the Securities Times reported on Friday.
据《证券时报》8月16日报道，国家统计局发布的数据显示，7月份我国经济运行总体平稳、稳中有进。其中，暑期消费对多个经济指标起到带动作用。

Recovery of the consumption continued as the index of services production, and the total retail sales of consumer goods registered 4.8 percent and 2.7 percent growth year-on-year in July, respectively. On a monthly basis, the growth rate outpaced June by 0.1 percentage point and 0.7 percentage point, respectively, according to the report.
报道称，7月份消费延续恢复态势，全国服务业生产指数和社会消费品零售总额分别同比增长4.8%和2.7%，增速比上月加快0.1个百分点和0.7个百分点。

With an increase number of tourists traveling during summer break, sectors such as transportation, warehousing and postal production grew faster than that of the service industry as a whole.
暑期旅游出行人数增多，带动相关的交通运输、仓储和邮政业生产指数增长快于全部服务业增速。

Consequently, the travel consulting rental services grow relatively faster than usual, said Liu Aihua, an NBS spokeswoman, at a news conference in Beijing on Thursday.
国家统计局新闻发言人刘爱华8月15日在北京召开的新闻发布会上介绍，受其影响，旅游咨询租赁服务类消费增长也较快。

The foundation for the recovery of the consumer market will be further solidified, with the implementation of a combination of policies in order to increase people's income and consumption demands, Liu added.
刘爱华表示，随着增加居民收入、增强消费能力和意愿各项政策的贯彻落实，消费市场恢复的基础将进一步得到巩固。

Investment is another important driving force of domestic demand. China's fixed-asset investment in the manufacturing industry rose 9.3 percent year-on-year during the Jan-July period, faster than that of investment in infrastructure and real estate development.
刘爱华称，投资是国内需求的另一重要组成部分。1～7月份，全国固定资产投资中的制造业投资同比增长9.3%，明显快于同期基础设施投资和房地产开发投资增速。

Seventy-five percent of Americans say they are not completely financially secure, and 30 percent never expect to be, according to Bankrate’s Financial Freedom Survey.
美国银率网（Bankrate）的财务自由调查显示，75%的美国人表示他们的财务安全感不足，30% 的人从未有过财务安全感。

More than 1 in 3 workers (34 percent) are living paycheck to paycheck, according to Bankrate’s new Living Paycheck to Paycheck Survey. That means that about a third of American workers say they don’t have enough money left over after covering their expenses to save for future expenses.
根据银率网最新发布的月光族生活调查，超过三分之一的美国上班族（34%）是月光族。这意味着这些人在支付了生活开支后，没有余钱留给未来的开支。

Nearly 6 in 10 Americans (59 percent) are uncomfortable with their level of emergency savings. That’s up from 2023, according to Bankrate’s 2024 Annual Emergency Savings Report.
近六成美国人（59%）对自己的应急储蓄水平感到不满意。根据银率网的2024年度应急储蓄报告，这一数字比2023年有所上升。

“Simply put, living comfortably costs a lot more than it used to,” says Sarah Foster, Bankrate U.S. economy reporter. “Prices are up almost 21 percent since the pandemic first began in February 2020, requiring an extra $210 per every $1,000 someone used to spend on the items they both want and need. For the many Americans whose pay haven’t kept up with inflation, higher prices essentially translate to an outright destruction of wages. Inflation is the silent thief, and it comes with a price — often Americans’ chances of living a comfortable life.”
银率网美国经济记者莎拉·福斯特表示：“简单来说，美国人过好日子的成本上涨了。自2020 年2月疫情暴发以来，物价上涨了近21%，人们过去每花1000美元购买到的物品，现在需要多花210美元。对于许多工资涨幅跟不上通货膨胀速度的美国人来说，物价上涨实际上意味着工资的大幅缩水。通货膨胀是一个无声的窃贼，它偷走了美国人的好日子。”

Meanwhile, 50 percent of American cardholders carry card balances from month to month, according to Bankrate’s Credit Card Debt Survey. Bankrate data shows that 58 percent of cardholders earning under $50,000 carry a balance from month to month, compared to 43 percent of those earning $100,000 or more. As inflation persists and interest rates remain high, carrying a credit card balance may only further the likelihood of living paycheck to paycheck.
与此同时，根据银率网的一项信用卡债务调查，50%的美国持卡人每月都有欠款。年收入低于50000美元的持卡人中有58%每月都有欠款，而年收入100000美元或以上的持卡人中这一比例为43%。由于通货膨胀持续存在且利率居高不下，信用卡债务只会增加“月光”的可能性。

“Those living paycheck to paycheck often turn to credit cards to make up for a cash shortfall or to pay for emergencies or purchases that don’t fit within their budgets,” says Amy Maliga, former financial educator with Take Charge America, a nonprofit financial counseling agency. “This can lead them to being overextended, carrying balances month to month and paying high interest rates without a clear path to pay off the debt.”
非营利金融咨询机构Take Charge America的前金融教育家艾米·马丽佳表示，“那些靠薪水勉强度日的人经常求助于信用卡来弥补现金短缺，紧急情况支出，或超出预算的支出。这可能导致他们负债累累，每月都欠着卡债，支付高额利息，却没有明确的还债途径。”


China will actively expand domestic demand and put consumption promotion at a more prominent position in the next step, Yuan Da, a senior official with the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) told a press conference Thursday.
国家发展改革委副秘书长袁达在1日的新闻发布会上表示，下一步中国将积极扩大内需，把促消费放在更加突出的位置。


The NDRC will launch efforts to boost consumption of major commodities such as automobiles and home appliances, and to improve and expand the quality and capacity of service consumption in education, elderly care, child care, and domestic services, Yuan said.
袁达表示，将促进汽车、家电等大宗商品消费，推动教育、养老、育幼、家政等服务消费提质扩容。


Support will be given to the high-quality development of cultural and sports tourism, Yuan said, adding that continuous optimization of convenience measures for personnel exchanges will be made to make travel in China more convenient and comfortable for foreign visitors.
袁达表示，将支持文体旅游高质量发展，不断优化人员往来便利措施，让外国朋友在中国旅行更方便、更舒适。

The added value of new industries, new business formats and new business models, dubbed the "three new" economy, contributed more to China's economic growth last year, official data shows Tuesday.
国家统计局30日发布数据称，新产业、新业态、新商业模式即所谓的“三新”经济去年为中国经济增长做出了更多贡献。

These new growth drivers accounted for 17.73 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) last year, up 0.37 percentage points from the previous year, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said.
国家统计局称，2023年我国“三新”经济增加值占GDP的比重为17.73%，比上年提高0.37个百分点。

Calculated at current prices, the added value of the new growth drivers was around 22.35 trillion yuan ($3.13 trillion) last year, growing by 6.4 percent from the previous year, according to the NBS.
国家统计局数据显示，经核算，2023年我国“三新”经济增加值为223528亿元，比上年增长6.4%。

A new industry involves the application of new scientific and technological achievements and new technologies to form a certain scale of new economic activities. A new business format involves new links, new chains and new activity forms derived from existing industries and fields, with technological innovation and application as key drivers. A new business model involves the integration and reorganization of various elements of enterprise operation to achieve the goal of customer value and sustainable profit, forming an efficient and competitive business operation mode.
新产业指应用新科技成果、新兴技术而形成一定规模的新型经济活动。新业态指依托技术创新和应用，从现有产业和领域中衍生叠加出的新环节、新链条、新活动形态。新商业模式指为实现用户价值和企业持续盈利目标，对企业经营的各种内外要素进行整合和重组，形成高效并具有独特竞争力的商业运行模式。

The added value of the "three new" economy measures the added value created by all permanent resident units of a country (or region) engaged in "three new" economic production activities within a certain period of time, according to the NBS.
“三新”经济增加值衡量的是一个国家（或地区）所有常住单位在一定时期内从事“三新”经济生产活动创造的增加值。



The eighth China-South Asia Expo concluded Sunday, with domestic and foreign trade contracts worth a total value of over 8 billion yuan ($1.12 billion) signed, according to the organizers. During the event held in Kunming, the capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, the cumulative online and offline sales exceeded 500 million yuan.
第八届中国—南亚博览会（以下简称南博会）7月28日在云南省昆明市落下帷幕。据主办方介绍，截至27日本届南博会上累计签署内外贸合同金额超80亿元（约合11.2亿美元），线上线下累计销售额超5亿元。

The six-day event featured 15 exhibition halls with themes including architecture technology, manufacturing, green energy and modern agriculture.
本届南博会为期6天，共设置了15个展馆，包括建筑科技馆、制造业馆、绿色能源馆、现代农业馆等。

This year's expo saw participation from 82 countries, regions, and international organizations, with more than 2,000 exhibiting companies. Nearly half of these were overseas companies, covering all countries in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
本届南博会有82个国家、地区和国际组织参会，参展企业达2000多家，其中近一半是境外企业，涵盖了南亚、东南亚所有国家。

The expo was first held in Kunming in 2013, the same year China put forward the Belt and Road Initiative. Since its inception, the expo has served more than 18,000 domestic and foreign companies, promoted trade of more than $100 billion, and facilitated the signing of over 3,000 projects.
首届南博会于2013年在昆明举办，同年中国提出了共建“一带一路”倡议。自首届举办以来，南博会已累计服务国内外1.8万余家企业参展，外贸成交额累计超过1000亿美元，促成3000多个项目签约落地。

Jointly organized by the Ministry of Commerce and the Yunnan provincial government, the expo is one of the most important events of the year for economic and trade exchanges between China and South Asian countries.
南博会由商务部和云南省人民政府共同举办，是中国同南亚国家最重要的经贸交流活动之一。

Official data shows that trade volume between China and South Asian countries reached nearly $200 billion in 2023, twice the amount recorded in 2013.
官方数据显示，2023年，中国和南亚国家贸易额接近2000亿美元，比2013年翻了一番。


The eighth China-South Asia Expo concluded Sunday, with domestic and foreign trade contracts worth a total value of over 8 billion yuan ($1.12 billion) signed, according to the organizers. During the event held in Kunming, the capital of Southwest China's Yunnan province, the cumulative online and offline sales exceeded 500 million yuan.
第八届中国—南亚博览会（以下简称南博会）7月28日在云南省昆明市落下帷幕。据主办方介绍，截至27日本届南博会上累计签署内外贸合同金额超80亿元（约合11.2亿美元），线上线下累计销售额超5亿元。

The six-day event featured 15 exhibition halls with themes including architecture technology, manufacturing, green energy and modern agriculture.
本届南博会为期6天，共设置了15个展馆，包括建筑科技馆、制造业馆、绿色能源馆、现代农业馆等。

This year's expo saw participation from 82 countries, regions, and international organizations, with more than 2,000 exhibiting companies. Nearly half of these were overseas companies, covering all countries in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
本届南博会有82个国家、地区和国际组织参会，参展企业达2000多家，其中近一半是境外企业，涵盖了南亚、东南亚所有国家。

The expo was first held in Kunming in 2013, the same year China put forward the Belt and Road Initiative. Since its inception, the expo has served more than 18,000 domestic and foreign companies, promoted trade of more than $100 billion, and facilitated the signing of over 3,000 projects.
首届南博会于2013年在昆明举办，同年中国提出了共建“一带一路”倡议。自首届举办以来，南博会已累计服务国内外1.8万余家企业参展，外贸成交额累计超过1000亿美元，促成3000多个项目签约落地。

Jointly organized by the Ministry of Commerce and the Yunnan provincial government, the expo is one of the most important events of the year for economic and trade exchanges between China and South Asian countries.
南博会由商务部和云南省人民政府共同举办，是中国同南亚国家最重要的经贸交流活动之一。

Official data shows that trade volume between China and South Asian countries reached nearly $200 billion in 2023, twice the amount recorded in 2013.
官方数据显示，2023年，中国和南亚国家贸易额接近2000亿美元，比2013年翻了一番。


The third plenary session of the 20th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China has unveiled a strategic road map to deepen reform and advance modernization, which will further boost China's socioeconomic development and improve its people's lives, overseas analysts said.
海外分析人士称，中国共产党第二十届中央委员会第三次全体会议（下称二十届三中全会）对进一步全面深化改革、推进中国式现代化作出战略部署，将进一步推动中国社会经济发展，提高人民生活水平。

The third plenum concluded on Thursday, with a communique issued to announce the adoption of a resolution on further deepening reform comprehensively to advance Chinese modernization.
二十届三中全会于7月18日闭幕，并发布公报称，全会审议通过了《中共中央关于进一步全面深化改革、推进中国式现代化的决定》（下称《决定》），宣布了关于进一步全面深化改革、推进中国式现代化的决定。

Michael Dunford, emeritus professor at the University of Sussex in the United Kingdom, said the key meeting was "striking in its extraordinary comprehensiveness and scope of the reform agenda, affecting every aspect of Chinese society".
英国萨塞克斯大学荣休教授唐迈表示，二十届三中全会“提出的改革方案无论是全面性还是广度都让人印象深刻，将影响中国社会的方方面面”。

New quality productive forces have the potential to transform many aspects of life, contribute to China's economic, political, cultural, social and ecological advancements, and drive the growth in productivity, Dunford said, adding that these are "key to improved living standards and an improved quality of life".
唐迈指出，新质生产力将可能改变生活的许多方面，推动中国的经济、政治、文化、社会和生态发展，并促进生产力的提高。他表示，这些“对于提高生活水平和改善生活品质至关重要”。

Jasna Plevnik, president of the Croatian think tank Geoeconomic Forum, said the third plenum has set the stage for China to enter an era of high-quality development faster, with the support of new and long-term comprehensive economic reforms.
克罗地亚智库地缘经济论坛主席亚斯娜·普莱夫尼克表示，在新的长期综合性经济改革的支持下，二十届三中全会为中国加快步伐进入高质量发展时代奠定了基础。

The communique sends clear, firm and encouraging messages that the country is continuing with peaceful Chinese modernization, a socialist market economic system and economic globalization, she said.
普莱夫尼克指出，公报传递出清晰、坚定且鼓舞人心的信息：中国将继续推进和平发展的中国式现代化和经济全球化，完善社会主义市场经济体制。

According to Linda Tjia Yin Nor, an associate professor in the Department of Public and International Affairs at City University of Hong Kong, the promotion of new quality productive forces by the plenum resolution is not only about developing high-end technology, but also about strengthening innovation.
香港城市大学公共和国际事务部副教授谢燕娜表示，《决定》提出要发展新质生产力，不仅和发展高科技有关，还意味着要加强创新力。

Innovation doesn't necessarily mean using state-of-the-art technology, but could also mean the smart application of existing technologies, Tjia said, noting that China is focusing on how technology can be used to benefit a greater number of people.
谢燕娜指出，创新不一定是在尖端技术上创新，也可以是在现有技术的智能运用上创新。她指出，中国关注的是如何运用技术来惠及更多百姓。

Shakeel Ahmad Ramay, CEO of the Asian Institute of Eco-civilization Research and Development in Pakistan, said the plenum resolution shows that China is launching a comprehensive governance modernization program.
巴基斯坦亚洲生态文明研究与发展研究所首席执行官沙基尔·拉迈表示，《决定》表明中国正在启动一项综合治理现代化计划。

China has made great efforts to strengthen and advance whole-process people's democracy, he said, adding that Chinese democracy ensures inclusiveness, continuity of interaction among the Party, the government and the people, and rules-based governance.
拉迈指出，中国为完善和推进全过程人民民主做出了巨大努力，并表示中国式民主兼具包容性，实现了党、政府和人民之间持续性的良性互动，确保了基于规则的治理体系的运转。

Dennis Munene, executive director of the China-Africa Center at the Africa Policy Institute in Kenya, said the key meeting underscored that China is a country governed by high-quality vision and values, and that China aims to build itself into a modern socialist country in all respects.
肯尼亚非洲政策研究所中非中心执行主任丹尼斯·穆内内表示，二十届三中全会表明，中国是一个基于高质量发展愿景和价值观来治理的国家，中国计划将自身建设成全方位的社会主义现代化国家。


China's GDP grew by 5 percent year-on-year in the first half of 2024 to 61.68 trillion yuan ($8.49 trillion), showcasing a steady economic rebound, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Monday.
国家统计局15日称，2024年上半年我国国内生产总值达61.68万亿元，同比增长5%，经济总体稳中有进。

In the second quarter, the economy rose by 4.7 percent in comparison to a year earlier after a 5.3 percent growth in the first quarter of the year. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, China's GDP increased by 0.7 percent in the second quarter of the year, the NBS said.
一季度国内生产总值同比增长5.3％，二季度增长4.7％。从环比看，二季度国内生产总值增长0.7％。

Figures released by the NBS showed China's value-added industrial output, a gauge of activity in the manufacturing, mining and utilities sectors, grew by 5.3 percent in June from a year earlier after a 5.6 percent rise in May.
国家统计局数据显示，5月份，规模以上工业增加值（衡量制造业、采矿业和公用事业经济活动的指标）同比增长5.6%，6月份同比增长5.3%。

In the first half of the year, value-added industrial output grew by 6 percent compared to the same period last year, while in the first quarter, it rose by 6.1 percent from a year earlier.
上半年，规模以上工业增加值同比增长6%，一季度同比增长6.1%。

In the first half of the year, retail sales rose by 3.7 percent compared to the same period last year, while in the first quarter, they grew by 4.7 percent from a year earlier.
上半年，社会消费品零售总额同比增长3.7%，一季度同比增长4.7%。

In the January-June period, fixed-asset investment, a gauge of expenditures on items including infrastructure, property, machinery and equipment, grew by 3.9 percent compared with a year earlier, while in the January-May period, it jumped 4 percent year-on-year.
上半年，全国固定资产投资（衡量基础设施、房地产、机械和设备等项目支出的指标）同比增长3.9%，今年前五个月同比增长4%。

The number of US corporate bankruptcy filings in June hit the highest level in a single month since early 2020, according to estimates from S&P Global Intelligence.
据标普全球估计，6月份申请破产的美国企业数量创下2020年初以来的单月最高水平。

At least 75 companies applied for bankruptcy protection in June, bringing this year's total number to 346, S&P said in a report released on Monday. This has also surpassed half-year figures seen in the past 13 years.
标普全球7月8日发布的一份报告称，6月份至少有75家美国企业申请破产保护，使今年申请破产的美企总数达到346家。这一数字高于过去13年的半年数据。

The pace of US corporate bankruptcy accelerated from the first months of this year. In April, bankruptcies started spiking to stand-out levels, the ratings agency reported.
自2024年初以来，美企破产申请增加的速度有所加快。据标普全球报告称，4月美企破产率开始攀升至显著水平。

S&P said high interest rates, supply chain issues and slowing consumer spending have fueled the surge in closures of companies.
标普全球表示，高利率、供应链问题和消费放缓加剧了企业倒闭的激增。

Among the companies seeking bankruptcy, the consumer discretionary sector continued to lead others, with 55 total bankruptcy filings this year, and 16 new filings registered in June, according to S&P.
标普全球数据显示，在申请破产公司中，非必需消费品行业申请破产的企业数量继续高于其他行业，今年截至目前有破产申请55宗，6月新登记破产申请16宗。

Healthcare and industrials recorded the second-highest bankruptcy totals in 2024, respectively, with 40 filings each.
医疗保健和工业领域2024年申请破产的企业总数并列第二，各有40宗破产申请。

China's economy will likely expand by over 5 percent in the first half of this year amid strong policy stimulus, robust industrial production and stable external demand, providing a solid base for achieving its annual growth target of around 5 percent, economists said on Monday.
经济学家8日表示，在强有力的政策刺激、强劲的工业生产和稳定的外部需求推动下，今年上半年中国经济增速或超过5%，为实现5%左右的全年增长目标奠定了坚实基础。

Looking into the second half of the year, they said the economy is on track for stable growth thanks to the strong manufacturing performance, resilience in exports and stepped-up macroeconomic policy support.
展望今年下半年，专家们表示，得益于强劲的制造业表现、出口的韧性和宏观经济政策进一步发力，经济正稳步增长。

"China's economy has made a good start at the beginning of the year and the economy has continued the recovery trend in the first half of 2024," said Wen Bin, chief economist at China Minsheng Bank. "China's economy will likely grow by around 5.2 percent in the first half, followed by a 4.9 percent growth in the third quarter and a 5.1 percent increase in the fourth quarter."
中国民生银行首席经济学家温彬表示：“上半年，中国经济回升向好，一季度实现良好开局。预计上半年GDP同比增长5.2%左右，预计三季度GDP同比增长4.9%，四季度为5.1%。”

His remarks came as the market is eagerly awaiting the release of key economic indicators by the National Bureau of Statistics on July 15.
在温彬发表此番观点之际，国家统计局将于7月15日发布主要经济数据。

China has already announced a series of measures to boost demand, including the issuance of 1 trillion yuan ($138 billion) worth of ultra-long-term special treasury bonds this year as well as driving large-scale equipment renewal and trade-in deals for consumer goods.
中国已经宣布了一系列提振需求的措施，包括今年发行1万亿元超长期特别国债，以及推动大规模设备更新和消费品以旧换新行动。

"With the gradual stabilization of the endogenous driving force, China's economy will continue the recovery trend," said Li Chao, chief economist at Zheshang Securities. "The country's economic growth rate will likely reach 5.1 percent this year, meeting the annual growth target."
浙商证券首席经济学家李超表示：“随着内生动力的逐步稳定，中国经济将持续回升向好。中国今年的经济增速可能达到5.1%，实现年度增长目标。”

Li's views were echoed by Xiong Yuan, chief economist at Guosheng Securities, who said the second-quarter GDP growth rate will likely be around 5 percent.
国盛证券首席经济学家熊园持相同观点。他预计二季度GDP增长可能在5%左右。

"The policy focus is shifting to stabilizing the housing market, boosting demand and advancing reforms," he said.
他表示：“政策重点正在转向稳定房地产市场、提振需求和推进改革。”


China will employ a raft of well-focused policy steps to foster a more enabling climate for the development of the digital economy, the State Council, the country's Cabinet, said on Friday.
国务院总理李强7月5日主持召开的国务院常务会议指出，国家将重磅部署数字经济，持续优化数字经济发展环境。

Topping the agenda are priorities like improving data infrastructure and relevant institutional systems, and promoting market-oriented allocation of data resources.
国家还将协同完善数据基础制度和数字基础设施，推进数据要素市场化配置。

Emphasis should be placed on comprehensively integrating digital technologies with the real economy, so as to provide a solid underpinning for economic and social development, according to the State Council executive meeting chaired by Premier Li Qiang.
李强指出，要促进数字技术和实体经济深度融合，全面赋能经济社会发展。

China's total data output reached 32.85 zettabytes in 2023, up more than 22 percent year-on-year, while the added value of core digital economy industries accounted for 10 percent of GDP, according to the National Data Administration.
国家数据局的数据显示，我国2023年数据生产总量达32.85泽字节（1个泽字节等于十万亿亿字节），同比增长22.44%；2023年数字经济核心产值产业增加值占GDP的比重10%左右。

On Tuesday, during the Global Digital Economy Conference 2024, Liu Liehong, head of the administration, said that China is set to prioritize relevant institutional reforms this year, aiming to unleash the potential of the country's vast data resources and transform them into a new competitive advantage.
国家数据局局长刘烈宏7月2日在2024全球数字经济大会上表示，国家数据局将以制度建设为主线，推动我国海量数据优势转化为国家竞争新优势。

The administration plans to roll out eight institutional documents, focusing on data property rights, data circulation, revenue distribution, security governance, public data development and utilization, enterprise data development and utilization, high-quality development of the digital economy, and data infrastructure construction, Liu said.
刘烈宏透露，今年国家数据局将陆续推出数据产权、数据流通、收益分配、安全治理、公共数据开发利用、企业数据开发利用、数字经济高质量发展、数据基础设施建设指引等8项制度文件。

The rapid development of China's digital industries came on the back of robust digital infrastructure. Recent statistics from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology showed that the country had built 3.837 million 5G base stations by the end of May, accounting for 60 percent of the global total.
中国数字产业的快速发展得益于强大的数字基础设施。工信部最近的数据显示，截至2024年5月底，中国累计建成5G基站总数达383.7万站，占全球5G基站总数的60%。

Friday's meeting also announced that efforts will be made to enhance the innovation capabilities of platform companies and promote the sustained and healthy development of the platform economy.
7月5日召开的国务院常务会议还指出，要提升平台企业创新能力，促进平台经济持续健康发展。

The platform economy has emerged as a vital force both in facilitating connectivity between the digital and real economies and in driving the development of the real economy, according to a report by the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology.
中国信息通信研究院的一份报告指出，平台经济已成为连接数字经济和实体经济以及推动实体经济发展的重要力量。

The market value of China's platform economy surged from 4.97 trillion yuan ($683.90 billion) in 2015 to 33.43 trillion yuan in 2022, with a compound annual growth rate of 32.92 percent. Furthermore, by the end of 2022, the number of Chinese platform unicorns — enterprises valued at over $1 billion — reached 254, marking an increase of 190 companies compared to 2015.
报告显示，2015年至2022年，我国数字平台市场价值从4.97万亿元提升至33.43万亿元，年均复合增长率达32.92%；截至2022年底，我国市场价值超过10亿美元的数字平台“独角兽”企业数量已达254家，与2015年相比增加190家。


With booming artificial intelligence (AI) industry development, China is now home to more than one-third of the world's AI large language models, said a whitepaper on the global digital economy released Tuesday in Beijing.
7月2日在北京发布的《2024全球数字经济白皮书》显示，随着人工智能产业蓬勃发展，中国目前拥有的人工智能大模型数量全球占比超过三分之一。

The number of AI large language models worldwide has reached 1,328, with 36 percent from China, the second-largest proportion only after the United States.
全球人工智能大模型的数量已达1328个，中国占比36%位列第二，美国占比第一。

Among nearly 30,000 AI enterprises worldwide by the first quarter of this year, the United States had 34 percent and China had 15 percent, the whitepaper said.
白皮书称，截至2024年第一季度，全球AI企业近3万家，美国占全球的34%，中国占全球的15%。

The combined digital economy of the United States, China, Germany, Japan, and the Republic of Korea exceeded 33 trillion US dollars in 2023, up by more than 8 percent year on year, the whitepaper said.
2023年，美国、中国、德国、日本、韩国的数字经济总量超33万亿美元，同比增长超8%。
